------[1st day] -MOBILE FIRST APPROACH 
    1. header / navigation 
        1.1. nav list open and close function (DONE)
    2. logo
    3. cart,close,hamburger icons
    4. Font style

------[2nd day] -MOBILE FIRST APPROACH 

    1. Collected images for the products
    2. Products are listed
        Containing the following:
        2.1 images
        2.2 Price
        2.3 Name
    3. Product Options 
        3.1 add to cart
        3.2 quantity
            3.2.1 increment button (functional)
            3.2.2 decrement button (functional)

-------[3rd day] -MOBILE FIRST APPROACH
    1. Done designing product list 
    2. Done designing cart items list
    3. Cart is functioning correctly
        3.1 close and open cart
        3.2 cart Item added when add to cart was clicked
        3.3 created an object to be a fake database for cart
    4. Done message showing when product is added to cart     

    -------[4th day] -MOBILE FIRST APPROACH
    1. Done functionality on cart
            1.1 When item is already added on the cart, the item should not be added again
            (Difficulty found)
                - the array of objects was not iterating because of the return statement inside the loop
                    Solution: i removed the return then i declared a variable , i named it found and assign a value of 0 
                              The found variable will increment to 1 when the looped object has found a product id value in the cart object the same of
                              the product id of the product the user trying to add .
                              if found is greater than 0 then this condition returns true (meaning same product id found) 
                              if not the function will return false

    -------[5th day] -MOBILE FIRST APPROACH
    1.1 Done functionality on cart
            1.1.1 When item is already added on the cart, the item should not be added again BUT Quantity of the
            cart item should be updated
            1.1.2 I removed item no display (Unimportant)
            1.1.3 deleting all items at once is working and also one by one
    
    Code changes :
         1. I separate the functions of adding cart item to the cart array of items (object)
            to displaying items from cart.
            Conclusion: 
                    Before working on display with dynamic data, always first work on the data
                    to display. Do not put them in one place. Data processing  before display.
    
    -------[6th day] -MOBILE FIRST APPROACH  

      1. Done contacts section
      2. Recreated logo
      3. changed primary color 
      4. Search intellisense for products DONE
      5. Feedbacks partially done
      6. Banner DONE (created using canva) compressed image to fast loading


